Welcome back everyone.
We're going to look at the data mutation.
We talked about this so.
I want to show you some randomly generated examples of data on contagion to so that you can actually
get a good idea of how it works.
So these are the line of code that we used earlier and I just wanted to highlight that we used this
earlier and we're going to move on now just to see what it looks like.
OK.
So from carers we import Image and we're gonna use one specific file called data and in the folder Sara
Zee C source of visualization and I'm using that to J pack for the purpose of this exercise.
We're loading the image and the target size one to eight by one to it original pictures not 1 2 8 by
1 2 8 in terms of size.
I just want to again this line of code is here a few lines of code here is just showing the image is
1 2 8 by 1 2 8 in terms of the size it's been reduced to that size.
And the next thing we need to do in order to manipulate this is that we need to convert our image to
array and reshape it to 128 by 128 in front.
It's one sample at the end is two channels.
Okay.
And basically the next thing is we look through our batch.
Okay look through our flow so data again is what we defined earlier which is the data Gen here is the
image data generated.
And now every time we're drawing batch 1 meaning only one picture being drawn out and we plot the picture.
Okay.
So after we've gotten eight pictures and take a break.
I mean just basically stopped the whole thing.
So this is recorded.
This is our original picture.
Notice that has been flipped has been shared.
Okay.
So that's really the data that's been augmented or generated by using this generator.
So play around with it every time is likely to be a bit different because it is randomly generated and
that's the basic idea of this data in flow here.
So it allows you to create a whole lot of data or data augmentation is the technique and allowed the
allow the CNN to see something different every time to force it to learn the general feature and that's
it.
That's really what I wanted to cover so that you can actually have a little code for you to play with
to basically learn what or how the data augmentation is done and get some intuition out of it.
Well then thank you once again from watching.